hiya watching style Madrid right now
with me is the ravishing celina jaitley
new mom and ever so glowing Selena
welcome to say thank you so much you're
looking lovely I have to say and you've
just you know you're just glowing
why are you wearing today today I'm in
BCBG from runway collection and I'm a
big fan of BCBG and I'm neon as in and I
guess all the wonderful things in life
are making me glowing so I decided to
have something like neon do you love
neon as a trend is it something that
works for you I think neon is a good in
bits and pieces I wouldn't wear a dress
which is entirely neon but accessories
like the shoes I'm wearing a completely
neon and you know so yeah probably
things like that we also love your
manicure I mean you know we can't get
enough of that
and the Bears by the way and this is a
little dedication to my twin sons
because they they're into their phase in
live and they love animals so I'm a
little panda bear Selena you often so
you know stylish and you know you're so
well turned out all the time how do you
do it and what does fashion mean to you
fashion to me is a state of mind and the
state of mind always comes when when you
feel good about yourself so it's just a
pair of jeans and a white t-shirt makes
you feel good about yourself you want to
make it more fashionable just carry a
neon clutch with it you know that is
fashion to me and my mantra would always
be whenever in doubt wear black that's
safe that's playing very very safe but
otherwise you take chances with fashion
or I you mostly a safe dresser I used to
be a safe dresser but I think now I
started taking chances with fashion I'm
experimenting more with colors and I
found this whole new world which is
which is more than black you know also a
Celina of fashion no no according to you
definitely bandage dresses are out I
think and see-through dresses and
I think too much makeup too much bling
so maybe minimalistic is in right now
and I think that's the way to go you
know in the films that you do also we
see you experiment a lot with looks is
there a favorite film look that you have
well honestly speaking my most favorite
look was always the one in Johnny Sheen
because even though Vikram had nested
the clothes of the film but however
Feroz Khan called all the shots you know
he said make my baby look glamorous you
know Charlie the way chrome make my baby
look glam and you know mr. Khan always
had some input in an outfit or in a in
hair or in shoes or in the way I walked
in the way I talk and I think fashion is
all about how you carry an outfit as
well so yes John Ashima fashion icons
you look up to hello there lot of them
of course I'm a very very devoted fan
and worshipper of Coco Chanel yes
definitely a great fan of Elie Saab and
I love valance you know how long does it
take us for celina jaitley to get ready
oh it depends on what I'm wearing if
it's in in the Indian outfit very long
if it's a Western outfit about an hour
yeah not more than that about an hour
and that would include hair makeup the
works and do you completely rely on your
stylist when it comes to picking an
outfit for an occasion or you do you
also have your own input ends the first
stylist is styling for me or a brand
they're sending me clothes so it really
depends it's not always the stylist
sometimes it's me with a brand or
sometimes just the stylist who calls all
the shots I'm a person who's open and
two different looks so I always
experiment
something that you feel you look the
best in I mean you're the perfect
hourglass so pretty much everything
looks good on you but is there a
favorite kind of on Psalm that you have
I think in that way I would always say
chiffon sorry okay and you know five
pieces in your wardrobe that you
absolutely cannot do without five pieces
of course my black Valentino shoes my my
blue jeans which they're very simple
Levi's jeans but I never let go
they are my backup for everything then I
have this amazing white guest t-shirt
which I wear all the time
my LV bag purple LV bag and how many is
that
four yeah and I think the fifth one
would be this little neon belt that I
have which I just put on with everything
now you are loving neon aren't you a
fashion advice fashion advice would be a
way of confidence it makes any outfit
look good
that's what Selena does all the time and
that's what she looks the way she does
thank you so much Selena Haley for
joining us today
absolute pleasure talking to you